“You may find that having is not so pleasing a thing as wanting. This is not logical, but it is often true.” – Mr. Spock, “Amok Time”
“Insufficient facts always invite danger.” — Spock
star trek Spock
“Curious, how often you humans manage to obtain that which you do not want.” Mr. Spock, “Errand of Mercy”
 “Humans do have an amazing capacity for believing what they choose — and excluding that which is painful.” Mr. Spock, “And The Children Shall Lead”
“Madness has no purpose. Or reason. But it may have a goal.” – Mr. Spock, “The Alternative Factor”
 “Sometimes a feeling is all we humans have to go on.” – James T. Kirk, “A Taste of Armageddon”
“Genius doesn’t work on an assembly line basis. Did Einstein, Kazanga or Sitar of Vulcan produce new and revolutionary theories on a regular schedule? You can’t simply say, ‘Today
“Evil does seek to maintain power by suppressing the truth.” – Mr Spock
I will be brilliant.'” – James T. Kirk, “The Ultimate Computer”
“Without followers, evil cannot spread.” – Mr. Spock, “And The Children Shall Lead”
star trek Spock
“Logic is the beginning of wisdom, not the end.” – Mr. Spock, Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country
star trek Mr. Spock
 “… the prejudices people feel about each other disappear when they get to know each other.” – James T. Kirk, “Elaan of Troyius”
“I canna’ change the laws of physics.” — Montgomery “Scotty” Scott
 “A lie is a very poor way to say hello.” – Edith Keeler, “The City on the Edge of Forever”
“In critical moments, men sometimes see exactly what they wish to see.” – Mr. Spock
– “Emotions are alien to me. I’m a scientist” – Mr Spock
“To boldly go where no man has gone before.” — Captain James T. Kirk
Compassion: that’s the one thing no machine ever had. Maybe it’s the one thing that keeps men ahead of them. — Dr. McCoy
 “A man either lives life as it happens to him, meets it head-on and licks it, or he turns his back on it and starts to wither away.” –Dr. Boyce, “The Menagerie,” (“The Cage”)
“Pain is a thing of the mind. The mind can be controlled.” – Mr Spock
mr spock quotes
“It’s not safe out here. It’s wondrous, with treasures to satiate desires both subtle and gross; but it’s not for the timid.” Q, “Q Who?”
“You can use logic to justify almost anything. That’s its power. And its flaw.” – Captain Cathryn Janeway
 “Change is the essential process of all existence.” – Mr. Spock, “Let That Be Your Last Battlefield”
“Madness has no purpose. Or reason. But it may have a goal.” – Mr Spock Quotes
“Time is fluid…like a river with currents, eddies, backwash.” – Mr Spock Quotes
mr spock quotes
“They used to say that if Man was meant to fly, he’d have wings. But he did fly. He discovered he had to.” – James T. Kirk, “Return to Tomorrow”
“There is a way out of every box, a solution to every puzzle; it’s just a matter of finding it.” — Captain Jean-Luc Picard
“Superior ability breeds superior ambition” – Mr Spock
“To all mankind — may we never find space so vast, planets so cold, heart and mind so empty that we cannot fill them with love and warmth.” – Garth, “Dagger of the Mind”
star trek Garth
“Matter of internal security – the age-old cry of the oppressor.
Picard”  ― Gene Roddenberry
“―You realize I can hear you without the annoying intercom.
Cookie and I both leaned forward and looked at each other through the doorway.
―But this is more fun, I said. ―More Star Trekkie.” 
― Darynda Jones
Mr Spock: “I realize that command does have its fascination, even under circumstances such as these, but I neither enjoy the idea of command nor am I frightened of it. It simply exists, and I will do whatever logically needs to be done.”
“One man cannot summon the future. But one man can change the present!” – Mr. Spock, “Mirror, Mirror”
star trek Mr. Spock quotes
“A species that enslaves other beings is hardly superior — mentally or otherwise.” — Captain Kirk
“KHAAANNN!” — Captain James T. Kirk
“In critical moments, men sometimes see exactly what they wish to see.”  – Mr. Spock, “The Tholian Web”
 “Leave bigotry in your quarters; there’s no room for it on the bridge.”  – James T. Kirk, “Balance of Terror”
“You Earth people glorified organized violence for forty centuries. But you imprison those who employ it privately” – Mr Spock
“I speak of rights! A machine has none; a man must. If you do not grant him that right, you have brought us down to the level of the machine; indeed, you have elevated that machine above us! ”  – Samuel T. Cogley, “Court Martial”
“When governments murder those who speak the truth, it is time to get new governments.”  ― Diane Duane, The Empty Chair
“I fail to comprehend your indignation, sir. I have simply made the logical deduction that you are a liar” – Mr Spock
“Perhaps man wasn’t meant for paradise. Maybe he was meant to claw, to scratch all the way. “— Captain Kirk
“When you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.” – Mr Spock
“Live now; make now always the most precious time. Now will never come again.” –  Jean-Luc Picard, “Inner Light”
star trek Jean-Luc Picard
“It is the lot of ‘man’ to strive no matter how content he is.” — Spock
“Is the groom going to go where no man has gone before?” 
― Sharyn McCrumb, Bimbos of the Death Sun
“Our species can only survive if we have obstacles to overcome. You remove those obstacles. Without them to strengthen us, we will weaken and die.” James T. Kirk, “Metamorphosis”
“Violence in reality is quite different from theory.” – Mr Spock
“The intellect is not all… but its cultivation must come first, or the individual makes errors… wastes time in unprofitable pursuits.” –Flint, “Requiem for Methuselah”
“There’s still much to do; still so much to learn. Mr. La Forge – engage!” 
― Captain Picard
“To survive is not enough. To simply exist… is not enough!’ – Roga Danar” ― Emily St. John Mandel
“With the first link, the chain is forged. The first speech censored, the first thought forbidden, the first freedom denied, chains us all irrevocably”. — Jean-Luc Picard
“Those who want war will find causes, no matter how many of them you take away.”  ― Diane Duane, The Romulan Way
“Time is the fire in which we burn.” 
― Malcolm McDowell J. M. Dillard
“Romulan or Vulcan?’ the ushers asked each guest.
“After a time, you may find that having is not so pleasing a thing after all as wanting. It is not logical, but is often true” – Mr Spock
mr spock quotes
“Marion, who had been poised to say ‘friends of the bride’ had responded to the question with an open-mouthed stare, and Jay Omega answered, ‘Klingon!” which got them seats in the back row of the Romulan side.” 
― Sharyn McCrumb, Bimbos of the Death Sun
 “Insults are effective only where emotion is present.” – Mr. Spock, “Who Mourns for Adonais?”
 “If we’re going to be damned, let’s be damned for what we really are.” – Jean-Luc Picard, “Encounter At Farpoint”
“Computers make excellent and efficient servants, but I have no wish to serve under them.”– Mr. Spock, “The Ultimate Computer”
star trek captain mr spock quotes
“May I point out that I have gotten a chance to examine your counterparts closely. They are brutal, savage, uncivilized and illogical. They are in every way examples of Homo sapiens, the very flower of humanity.” – Mr Spock
“We’re a most promising species, Mr. Spock, as predators go. Did you know that? I frequently have my doubts. I don’t. Not any more. And maybe in a thousand years or so, we’ll be able to prove it.” –James T. Kirk, “Arena”
“I haven’t faced death. I’ve cheated death. I’ve tricked my way out of death and patted myself on the back for my ingenuity; I know nothing.” – James T. Kirk
star trek James T. Kirk
“This is why one must be careful with life,” her father had said, in very controlled wrath. “Death is the most hateful thing. Don’t allow the destruction of what you can never restore.”  ― Diane Duane, My Enemy, My Ally
“I object to intellect without discipline; I object to power without constructive purpose.” – Mr Spock
“Sometimes a feeling is all we humans have to go on.”— Captain Kirk
“It is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose. That is not weakness, that is life.”  – Jean-Luc Picard
“If we start buzzing about down there, we’re liable to find their mental power is so great they could reach out and swat this ship as though it were a fly.” – Mr Spock
“When honor dies—when trust is a useless thing—what use is life?” 